{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green19\blue26;\red244\green245\blue246;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 You could be this mediocre brawler fighter in downtown china, your sister gets kidnapped by a local gang, they inject her with heroine until she's hooked then she becomes a sex slave working for her fixes. You go on a revenge rampage for about two or three levels, you get beaten to utter shit so your mam moves to the countryside with you and leaves your sister in the city. You then meet an old mystical fighting instructor who is also typically old school Chinese spiritualist. You then do some training levels and become a bad arse martial artist then go back to the city and then it's basically streets of rage. You get to the end and your captured brought before King "Ling" Ping who injects your sister in front of you and she OD's you then have the boss fight. then have the option to kill him or arrest him. You could have a bonus stage to each level. You would either need to collect a certain item in each level or maybe need to get a certain score at the end of each level cash/points for beating on people and hits taken to you etc. the bonus stage could be an evidence stage and would be timed. Could even be an arm wrestle competition in a bar. You win the comp the guy coughs up evidence.\
\
I guess I could use some kind of fictional drug where she gets injected with it and turns into a big mutant of a woman who then tries to kill you. So you have to beat her up then kill the boss to get the antidote. She'll just clumsily lunge at you when you get near. That will be a good contrast to the fight with the boss who is an expert martial artist.}